# Long Live, One-One!
Well, if you’re in One-One, welcome! Surely, it’s one of the best semesters of your life at least according to memories (if you try to connect a bit). Gather as many memories as you can. Most scenarios will change from the next semester and you know that’s very common and natural. Don’t see this as some abnormal or overly emotional phase like most of your seniors might have told you already. Oh, sorry, getting a bit emotional too is normal!

## Myths
1. Grouping: You may hear a lot negative thoughts about "friend circles" or "grouping" . But ironically, most of the people who say this are somehow part of a group themselves. It’s great to have a friend circle, just don’t turn it into rivalry or anything like that. Don't be so biased for your own group. 

2. CGPA : “CGPA doesn’t matter, but skills do.” No cap! But you’re not sure about your future. After a year or two, You might want to be an academician, a researcher, or pursue something where CGPA plays a vital role. And you’re probably not investing so much time in skills right now that you can’t at least study a few days before a class test or exam. So please, try to maintain a decent CGPA at least for this term. Then, after the semester, decide which path is better for you. Most of us waste time (though we convince ourselves we’re getting skilled, yeah, talking abt myself). In that case, it’s better to have a good CGPA. It’s not that hard to achieve (MAYBE). (Wished someone had told me this earlier, well, I’m one of the worst students in my class.)

## Things I would do if
1. wouldn’t take that much pressure about life and career. I’d enjoy a bit more and explore, especially my university.
2. I would be part of a club, not necessarily very proficiently. It would undoubtedly help my social anxiety more than it does now.
3. I would try to get closer to some seniors and at least one teacher. I’d discuss what to choose and what to do for now.
4. I would work on my conversation and organizational skills.
5. I would start writing about my daily life on my blog or a journal app. I’d at least write one essay each week about a topic I learned. (I’d add another note about this.)
6. I would explore my other interests, mostly career-related, besides hobbies (I don’t mean anything else by “interests.”)
7. Since most of our happiness in the past depended on materialistic achievements (GPA, roll number, university, highest marks), I would try to be more spiritual (talking about Islamic perspective) in order to find happiness.
8. I would accept that failure is normal. Coping with failure and trying again or doing something new is the only solution in life. This is what I would focus more!